everyone so I'm going to do it unboxing
today and I actually forgot to order a
scrum ebooks this month I don't really
know why I think I think partly because
I thought that like the vegan box I it
kind of is a subscription and you kind
of just it rolls over every month but
the scrum a box actually doesn't so I
completely missed out on the scrum
Reeboks this month but I actually
received a message from one of my
subscribers about a week ago just to say
there's a new box or sort of another
subscription box called the Savior box
and I think first box is like I don't
know think it 10 pounds off the first
box so you just pay four pounds 95
that's including delivery generally the
box is 14 pounds 95 so a little bit more
expensive than the average boxes but
they have quite a huge range of choice
also you can receive the BOK weekly
fortnightly and monthly so it's a bit
more convenient if you're looking for a
subscription box that's going to deliver
often very like the grace books actually
you can have that quite often as well so
yes this box is to save your box they
have a huge range and choice of
different things whether you've got
allergies gluten-free dairy-free nut
allergies vegetarian vegan there's just
so much it's actually looks like one of
the best sort of boxes that i found i
got i got the ultimate which is pretty
much a mixture of everything because i
don't have any allergies so the box
looks like this it's called save your
box it's a little bit fatter in the post
which is a shame but I haven't even
opened it yet so I'm really excited to
see actually what's inside so as soon as
I open the box is actually a list of all
the things that they have in your box
and it looks really good because they
kind of um starred water is whether it's
gluten-free vegan organic vegetarian
low-fat low-sugar basically start off
each item as like what it is and also
calories on the sides that's really cool
it's really different um all of them
contain no trans fat no um artificial
additives no msg loads of stuff and
you've seen as a whole list of things
that's really good and another thing
i've noticed straight away is that
you've actually given me a 25 pounds
voucher hello fresh so this is like a um
looks like a fresh box I don't actually
know exactly what it is but I'm supposed
I can have a look online and see what
that is but 25 pounds get it just says
hi there due to the high demand this
week we had to juggle a product around
we hope you enjoy the replacement if you
have any questions nutrition's of the
new product just drop us an email so
obviously I've got a different sort of
item it doesn't matter I'm happy with
any okay so what's actually in my box we
have the feel-good snap King Savior
cashew berry so this is Barry's blended
with cashew nuts so really just basic
quite a nice snack quite a nice healthy
snack we've got diva popcorn sweet and
salt flavor I love the mixture of sweet
and salty that's just so nice um yeah so
this is 98 calories full of flavor fewer
calories yeah like that again my snack
we've got some salt and pepper delicious
multigrain snacks baked not fried oops
we tried these before I had these in one
of the boxes before Terry court farm air
dry practice these are actually really
nice I really really like those those
I've got a war by to the organic fruit
and nut bite spicy lime and spit a
strange combo and I'm hoping I'm going
to like that but yeah looks like that we
have munch EC's pumpking Pat power
savory roasted sunflower seeds pumpkin
and sesame seeds so again just a little
snap or feeds in there be great to take
in the handbag we have beyond dark love
chocolate moments of pleasure seventy
percent dark chocolate rich in natural
goodness hints or are three
there is some sort of dark chocolate
drops in our little raspberry so that is
brand beyond dark we have wild trail
Barry granola with well wildly healthy
naturally luscious oat fruit nut in
coconut oil bar hundreds of natural
wheat and dairy free packs with whole
grain new coconut oil so yeah that looks
like that ok we have bull bar which
actually I have tried one of these in a
previous box I can't remember what box
it was but I didn't really like it it
was just quite tasteless quite dry and
I'm hoping this leg is gonna be better I
think the one I had before was either
strawberry or berry or something this
one is apple and pear just sounds
generally a lot nicer and but I don't
know it might just be the same but it
looks like that so yeah and the kids
weren't impressed either it was really
dry and then the last thing i got is
just nuts apple and cinnamon fruit green
and nut bar 113 calories no added sugar
or syrup no unnatural nonsense fair
trade and granite I really like
packaging as I think it's really cute um
so that looks like that so this box I
actually got for like I said four pounds
95 which is really really reasonable
usually it would be 14 pounds 95 which
is quite high but I suppose you get
quite a range of snacks he's the links
below if you want to order your first
box for 10 pounds off and i'll leave the
code as well like i said it's a
subscription box and this one does roll
over every month so next month I'll be
paying 14 pounds 95 and I've just got to
side whether I want to carry on with it
and yeah I hope you enjoyed this video
and I will see the same